---
title: 'Joke: New Doctor'
tags:
  - joke
id: 24
categories:
  - Diary
date: 2008-04-23 17:28:54
---

A young doctor had moved out to a small community to replace a doctor who was retiring. The older doctor suggested the younger one accompany him on his rounds so the community could become used to a new doctor.

At the first house a woman complained, &quot;I've been a little sick to my stomach.&quot;

The older doctor said, &quot;Well, you've probably been overdoing the fresh fruit. Why don't you cut back on the amount you've been eating and see if that does the trick?&quot;

As they left the younger man said, &quot;You didn't even examine that woman. How'd you come to your diagnosis so quickly?&quot;

&quot;I didn't have to. You noticed I dropped my stethoscope on the floor in there? When I bent over to pick it up, I noticed a half dozen banana peels in the trash. That was what was probably making her sick.&quot;

&quot;Hmmm,&quot; the younger doctor said, &quot;Pretty clever. I think I'll try that at the next house.&quot;

Arriving at the next house, they spent several minutes talking with a younger woman. She complained that she just didn't have the energy she once did. &quot;I'm feeling terribly run down lately.&quot;

&quot;You've probably been doing too much extra work for the church.&quot; the younger doctor told her. &quot;Perhaps you should cut back a bit and see if that helps.&quot;

As they left, the elder doctor said, &quot;Your diagnosis is almost certainly correct, but how did you arrive at it?&quot;

&quot;Well, just like you did at the last house, I dropped my stethoscope and when I bent down to retrieve it, I noticed the preacher under the bed.&quot;

<!-- Tag links generated by Zoundry Raven. Do not manually edit. http://www.zoundryraven.com --><span class="ztags"><span class="ztagspace">Technorati</span> : [joke](http://www.technorati.com/tag/joke)</span> 
<span class="ztags"><span class="ztagspace">Del.icio.us</span> : [joke](http://del.icio.us/tag/joke)</span>